Introduce `convert_to_coding_scheme` and make `coding_scheme` deprecated in CoNLL2003DatasetReader (#4960)
allenai/allennlp: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Introduce `convert_to_coding_scheme` and make `coding_scheme` deprecated in `Conll2003DatasetReader`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

- `coding_scheme` parameter is now deprecated in `Conll2003DatasetReader`, please use `convert_to_coding_scheme` instead.
```
